Mr. Wang is the one who offended the young master of the Zhao family three years ago
The turtle who was locked up for three years before being released
What a scumbag
Dare to enter the door of our Dragon Tiger Gang
Come on, I'll break his dog legs and throw it out
I'll give you a minute.
Hand over my mother's cornea
Humph
If it weren't for my daughter's emergency
How could I use an old guy's cornea?
My daughter in Xuzhou
With her cornea
It is a blessing that your family has cultivated over several lifetimes.
How dare you come to use it?
30 seconds left
Brother, hahaha, what's your dog's name there?
How dare you scream in front of us?
Are you good at fighting?
Brother come out
Have a background
Have connections
Shout in front of Master Xu today
Do you believe it or not?
I even gouged out your cornea.
What is a little scumbag talking to him?
Ah Hu took it out and killed it
Don't get dirty, this is the ground, hahaha.
You don't have much time
kid
Don't say you want that old thing's cornea
Even if I want your cornea
You're a little bum who just got out
What can you do to me?
Someone take it out and chop it up
Guess what, you punk
How to deal with you
Dragon and Dragon
Oh.
Know this is the saint of my temple
How could I not know
But this must be fake
Fake, I gave you a chance, and you dare to yell
Put this as a resistor
Break all your hands and legs for me
From now on
He can only be a reptile
Wriggling on the ground
Hahaha 3